Look I'm with you today I came to do
a boxing I know I'm super numb
of the channel but it's putin was I'm in
week test and how is my penultimate
semester in college I had to give myself
very well then in these matters
That's not why I have not recorded it.
many videos and I'm not too
buying a lot of things outside Brazil
same reason for the end of the year and will delay
So I have some things here.
I have a video next to show and
I have not shown yet, I hope that we
be good
I'm recording this way I think
keep your foot
John heard the noise of the car but ignored
I have this package here, I do not
I will focus for you but I do not
I know I know I did two accounts
I made a purchase for a friend of mine who is
the galaxy athlete broke his 3
ask to buy those who put there and
I made a purchase with a capinha.
started brand is making noise but
I do not know what it is I hope is his
because one of them is long overdue has been
sent by royal and mail and came from
united kingdom uk spirit
mobile phone
the ccc that is so is this here is not a
their
This is my way of visiting the blog.
leave the link for this product
there on the blog then it's not his where he
It's super late, I do not know what.
It happened
Excuses have already warned that
there are these 90
I thought it was not going to get much
I was looking for a little something.
well and I wanted protection with my
cell phone but that goes down to put
health card
So I found it from here with my
cell phone is the razr wishes to have 900 system
890 and I bought a house
and in this cup came these deals here
would be a champion and came 13 with a
great a retractable cool this kind I
I did not even pay 15 reais because of
came a skin and put it on the
I film here in Brazil, I got it.
then delivered instead of seeing that it is not
of good quality
filled with products you buy today
and goes well she is so put
officer was the aunt in the case the
squeak for you to put your things and
money there has to advance hunger
and let's do the test, I'll just take it off.
on here
this line perfect for where it is well
safe
But watch when you put it on.
because that plastic underside
then it may break because he made a
forcinha
but if it is legal to this film already
I have in me and ready your carcass to
your cell phone van positives
this is going to protect your cell phone
if there is a fall
but as we already know some
things like that are of no quality.
very good the carcass that came baby is a
little
sin itself and it's also the buttons
collateral lock stay hidden
the smell is ok but that's what take picture
great is super tight as to give
take it ok then this is it do not forget
to visit the blog because there you will see
videos like this and will also see
sellers and the links you can
trust the posts do not forget to
evaluate this video is in enjoy it
sign up for the channel down here and
share on social networks to
help the days grow as the
channel grow more in the box we will have
Thank you this December. I'm going.
spend more time with you guys than I go
going on vacation then we'll have more
free three times a week if you doubt
so this is thank you very much the same
shaw